Update docs for OpenZeppelin Contracts Ethereum Package v3.0 (#1536)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-sdk: packages/cli/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/dependencies.adoc

$ npx openzeppelin init
----

> NOTE: The full code for this project is available in our https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-sdk/tree/master/examples/linking-contracts[Github repo].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The full code for this project is available in our https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-sdk/tree/release/2.8/examples/linking-contracts[Github repo].
```
